Adds MTU note for SDN to OVNK migration (#70655)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-migration.adoc

. Optional: You can customize the following settings for OVN-Kubernetes to meet your network infrastructure requirements:
+
--
* Maximum transmission unit (MTU). Consider the following prior to customizing the MTU for this optional step:
** If you have the default MTU applied, and you want to keep the default MTU during migration, this step can be ignored. 

> ** If you have a custom MTU applied, and you want to keep the custom MTU during migration, you must declare the value in this step. 

Reviewer: @stevsmit How about updating it to say, 'You must declare the custom MTU value in this step'?

. Optional: You can customize the following settings for OVN-Kubernetes to meet your network infrastructure requirements:
+
--

> * Maximum transmission unit (MTU). Consider the following prior to customizing the MTU for this optional step:
> ** If you have the default MTU applied, and you want to keep the default MTU during migration, this step can be ignored. 
> ** If you have a custom MTU applied, and you want to keep the custom MTU during migration, you must declare the custom MTU value in this step.
> ** This step does not work if you want to change the MTU value during migration. Instead, you must first follow the instructions for "Changing the cluster MTU". Then, you can keep the custom MTU value by performing this procedure and declaring the custom MTU value in this step. 
> +
> [NOTE]
> ====
> OpenShift-SDN and OVN-Kubernetes have different overlay overhead. MTU values should be selected by following the guidelines found on the "MTU value selection" page.
> ====

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Maximum transmission unit (MTU). Consider the following before you adjust the MTU for this optional step:
** If you used the default MTU and want to keep the default MTU during the migration, you can ignore this step.
** If you used a custom MTU and want to keep the custom MTU during the migration, you must specify the custom MTU value in this step.
** This step does not work if you want to change the MTU value during the migration. Instead, you must first follow the instructions for "Changing the cluster MTU". You can then keep the custom MTU value by following this procedure and specifying the custom MTU value in this step.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
OpenShift- SDN and OVN- Kubernetes have different overlay overhead. You need to select the MTU values according to the guidelines on the "MTU value selection" page.
====
```
